Add Klaytn v1.8.3 download page (#436)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/node/download/v1.8.3.md

- [kpn-baobab-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/kpn-baobab-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [ken-baobab-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/ken-baobab-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)

Common Packages
- [kscn-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/kscn-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [kspn-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/kspn-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [ksen-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/ksen-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [kbn-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/kbn-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [kgen-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/kgen-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [homi-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.3/homi-v1.8.3-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)

## Windows <a id="windows"></a>

- Not supported yet

# Release Notes <a id="release-notes"></a>

> Klaytn v1.8.3 sorts transactions in chronological order (received time on each node) before block generation or transactions propagation. Klaytn nodes had processed transactions in an unordered way because all transactions have the same gas price, but with this version change, Klaytn nodes process transactions in the First-Come-First-Serve way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Klaytn v1.8.3, transactions are sorted in chronological order according to the received time on each node when blocks are generated or transactions are propagated. Before, the transactions were sorted by gas price. But since Klaytn's gas price is fixed, they were basically without order. With this version change, Klaytn nodes will process transactions on a First-Come, First-Serve basis. 
```

## New Features 

> - Sorted transactions at the same gas price by received time (#1282)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transactions with the same gas price will be sorted by time of receipt (#1282)
```

> - Sorted propagating transactions in order of the received time (#1309)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transactions being propagated will also be sorted in order of the received time (#1309)
```

> - Sorted journal transactions when writing journal transactions to a file (#1329)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Journal transactions being written to files will be sorted in order of the received time (#1329)
```

## Improvements 

> - Added snapshot use option for prefetching and metrics (#1234)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disabling option for prefetching is now available and missing metrics for snapshot have been added (#1234)
```

> - Transactions with the same gas price will be sorted by the received time (#1282)
> - Transactions being propagated will also be sorted in order of the received time (#1309)
> - Journal transactions being written to files will be sorted in order of the received time (#1329)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transactions with the same gas price will be sorted by the received time. (#1282)
- Transactions being propagated will also be sorted in order of the received time. (#1309)
- Journal transactions being written to files will be sorted in order of the received time. (#1329)
```

> - Made GetCodeSize mirror GetCode implementation wise (#1279)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The GetCodeSize will now return 0 for emptyCodeHash instead of an error. (#1279)
```

## Fixes

> - Changed signer generation function for Worker (#1305)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed signer generation function for Worker from `LatestSignerForChainID` to `MakeSigner`, so that it can use `SenderCacher`.  (#1305)
```

> - Added panic guards for prefetchers (#1311)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added panic guards for prefetchers. (#1311)
```

## Miscellaneous

> - Upgraded built-in solidity test files to v0.8.x (#1149 #1189)

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgraded built-in solidity test files to v0.8.x. (#1149 #1189)
```
